Senior forgive me
Go find the city lord
Senior, please forgive me.
Senior, please be slow.
You have something to say?
ten thousand times bolder
Please be merciful, senior.
Brother Yang
Why are you pleading for them because I want to
Kill them with your own hands
Interesting about their lives
It's yours.
Senior, you really entrusted our lives to him
What the old man said never sprouts
What if this trash is killed by us?
Waste is dead
Thank you senior
Humph boy
Do you hear me?
That bitch finally begged the senior to take action
I wasted this opportunity in vain
The crime of learning scriptures has been
Also waiting for the genius who threatened to kill me in Wujin
Not very capable
The tone is not small
You are the temper
Just go to Broken Bone Essence
Hahaha, did I hear it right?
You trash as a bone breaker is the hypocrisy of a fragrant person
Go up if you want
Humph a broken well beach
At most, you can go up to Broken Valley Well
It's easy to kill him
One is not enough
Then one bottle.
Nervous stop him
Don't let him go to the Broken Valley Sutra
He is courting death
Don't worry, Li Shao